Add readme for npm package (#451)
microsoft/mcp: eng/npm/README.md

* "List the Azure Managed Lustre clusters in resource group 'my-resourcegroup'"
* "How many IP Addresses I need to create a 128 TiB cluster of AMLFS 500?"

### 📊 Azure Monitor

* "Query my Log Analytics workspace"

### 🔧 Azure Resource Management

* "List my resource groups"
* "List my Azure CDN endpoints"
* "Help me build an Azure application using Node.js"

### 🗄️ Azure SQL Database

* "Show me details about my Azure SQL database 'mydb'"
* "List all databases in my Azure SQL server 'myserver'"
* "List all firewall rules for my Azure SQL server 'myserver'"
* "List all elastic pools in my Azure SQL server 'myserver'"
* "List Active Directory administrators for my Azure SQL server 'myserver'"

### 💾 Azure Storage

* "List my Azure storage accounts"
* "Get details about my storage account 'mystorageaccount'"
* "Create a new storage account in East US with Data Lake support"
* "Show me the tables in my Storage account"
* "Get details about my Storage container"
* "Upload my file to the blob container"
* "List paths in my Data Lake file system"
* "List files and directories in my File Share"
* "Send a message to my storage queue"

## 🛠️ Currently Supported Tools

> <details>

Reviewer: will HTML tags pose any rendering issues on NPM marketplace ?

Author: I don't see any issues currently with the rendering - https://www.npmjs.com/package/@azure/mcp#-%EF%B8%8F-currently-supported-tools
Currently it uses these HTML tags. I believe going forward this content will move to a shared readme template that will be used across all readmes.

# Azure MCP NPM Package

The Azure MCP Server implements the [MCP specification](https://modelcontextprotocol.io) to create a seamless connection between AI agents and Azure services. With [@azure/mcp npm package](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@azure/mcp) you can easily bring the power of Model Context Protocol (MCP) to your Azure projects.

The `@azure/mcp` package is a wrapper package that takes optional dependencies on 5 platform specific packages: `@azure/mcp-win32-x64`, `@azure/mcp-darwin-arm64`, etc. The `@azure/mcp` contains just `index.js`, which is responsible for detecting the platform and cpu it's running on, loading the platform specific package, then passing all of its cli args to the platform package's `index.js` file.

## Table of Contents
- [Overview](#overview)
- [Getting Started](#getting-started)
- [What can you do with the Azure MCP Server?](#what-can-you-do-with-the-azure-mcp-server)
- [Complete List of Supported Azure Services](#complete-list-of-supported-azure-services)
- [Documentation](#documentation)
- [Feedback & Support](#feedback--support)
- [Contributing](#contributing)
- [License](#license)

## Overview

> **Azure MCP Server** adds smart, context-aware AI tools right inside VS Code to help you work more efficiently with Azure resources. The Azure MCP Server supercharges your agents with Azure context across **28 different Azure services**.

Reviewer: 28 -> 30+

## Getting Started

Follow these simple steps to start using Azure MCP in an IDE of your choice. You can add the following to the mcp.json:

1. **Install the package**

You can install the latest version of the @azure/mcp package
  ```json
  {
   "servers": {
    "azure-mcp-server": {
      "command": "npx",
      "args": [
        "-y",
        "@azure/mcp@latest",
        "server",
        "start"
      ]
    }
  } 
}
```
Alternatively, you can also install a targeted version of the @azure/mcp package

```json
{
   "servers": {
    "azure-mcp-server": {
      "command": "npx",
      "args": [
        "-y",

>         "@azure/mcp@0.5.13",

Author: done

        "server",
        "start"
      ]
    }
  } 
}
```

> **Note: `@azure/mcp` is a platform-agnostic wrapper that automatically detects your system architecture and loads the appropriate native package (`@azure/mcp-win32-x64`, `@azure/mcp-darwin-arm64`, etc.). It contains only `index.js`, which handles platform detection and forwards CLI arguments to the correct platform-specific implementation.

Reviewer 2: This was true in the original PR

> **Note:  The `@azure/mcp` package is just a wrapper package that takes optional dependencies on 5 platform specific packages: `@azure/mcp-win32-x64`, `@azure/mcp-darwin-arm64`, etc. The `@azure/mcp` contains just `index.js`, which is responsible for detecting the platform and cpu it's running on, loading the platform specific package, then passing all of its cli args to the platform package's `index.js` file..

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**Note: `@azure/mcp` is a platform-agnostic wrapper that automatically detects your system architecture and loads the appropriate native package (`@azure/mcp-win32-x64`, `@azure/mcp-darwin-arm64`, etc.). It contains only `index.js`, which handles platform detection and forwards CLI arguments to the correct platform-specific implementation.
```

* Upload files to blob containers
* List and query Storage tables
* List paths in Data Lake file systems
* Get container properties and metadata
* List files and directories in File Shares

### 📋 Azure Subscription

* List Azure subscriptions

### 🏗️ Azure Terraform Best Practices

* Get secure, production-grade Azure Terraform best practices for effective code generation and command execution

### 🖥️ Azure Virtual Desktop

* List Azure Virtual Desktop host pools
* List session hosts in host pools
* List user sessions on a session host

### 📊 Azure Workbooks

* List workbooks in resource groups
* Create new workbooks with custom visualizations
* Update existing workbook configurations
* Get workbook details and metadata
* Delete workbooks when no longer needed

### 🏗️ Bicep

* Get the Bicep schema for specific Azure resource types

### 🏗️ Cloud Architect

* Design Azure cloud architectures through guided questions

</details>

For the complete list of supported services and sample prompts, see our [full documentation](https://github.com/microsoft/mcp/blob/main/README.md#-what-can-you-do-with-the-azure-mcp-server).

## Complete List of Supported Azure Services

> The Azure MCP Server provides tools for interacting with **26 Azure service areas**:

Author: done

- 🖥️ **Azure Virtual Desktop** - Virtual desktop infrastructure
- 📊 **Azure Workbooks** - Custom visualizations
- 🏗️ **Bicep** - Azure resource templates
- 🏗️ **Cloud Architect** - Guided architecture design

## Documentation

- See our [official documentation on learn.microsoft.com](https://learn.microsoft.com/azure/developer/azure-mcp-server/) to learn how to use the Azure MCP Server to interact with Azure resources through natural language commands from AI agents and other types of clients.
- For additional command documentation and examples, see our [GitHub repository section on Azure MCP Commands](https://github.com/microsoft/mcp/blob/main/docs/azmcp-commands.md).

## Feedback & Support

- Check the [Troubleshooting guide](https://aka.ms/azmcp/troubleshooting) to diagnose and resolve common issues with the Azure MCP Server.
- We're building this in the open. Your feedback is much appreciated, and will help us shape the future of the Azure MCP server.
    - 👉 Open an issue in the public [GitHub repository](https://github.com/microsoft/mcp/issues) — we’d love to hear from you!

## Contributing

Want to contribute?

> Check out our [contribution guide](https://github.com/microsoft/mcp/blob/main/eng/vscode/CONTRIBUTING.md) to get started.

Reviewer 2: this link points to the VS Code VSIX-specific contributing.md.  Please change this to the right CONTRIBUTING.md link
